Mr. Wang
Our Xiao Xu
But the previous female anchor of Caijing Shiwen
after
Please take care of me.
snort
Miss Xu is dignified and elegant
She can't be the leading actress of Asia United TV.
:
Mr. Wang
Our Xiao Xu is not only good-looking
This expertise is also very impressive.
And he also has his own unique insights in finance.
I also interviewed Leo, the grandson of the shipping magnate, a while ago.
Xiao Xu
Indicates
Since I have caught Zhao Lian'an's eye
Then I, Wang, will also look up to you.
Thank you for your kindness
Mr. Wang is honored
Ms. Xu
Hey boss
Who is inside? Why don't you go in?
This is the investigation you did.
investigation
What investigation
Could it be
Xu Shiyang
boss
Give me the car keys
Hey boss
Boss Boss
Give me
Boss, why don't you let the driver drive?
I will investigate Miss Xu's matter again.
Maybe it's a misunderstanding
Who told you it was about Xu Shiyang?
this
Tell the housekeeper
If Xu Shiyang went to Baijiadao
Don't open the door for him.
Boss, boss, boss